theythey took Dalia apricot them what
you all do these son everything okay
yeah it's just that's just French right
hey guys it's my favorite day of the
week it's time to talk preacher
season two as always you can find me on
Twitter at Ryan Eric P and if you're
like me and you enjoy watching a whole
lot of TV be sure to subscribe to this
channel because we talked a whole lot
more than just preacher that's right
we're also talking about Twin Peaks and
starting next week Game of Thrones but
back to preacher I just finished episode
4 it was pretty damn awesome so let's
talk about episode 4 focused on two
storylines that have developed in season
two tulips past and Eugene's time in
hell and obviously Jesse's still
searching for God the episode is aptly
titled Victor and that's where we start
off when tulip is getting picked up by
Victor's men we are soon introduced to
Victor himself and he seems to be rather
intimidating I thoroughly enjoyed
hearing the off-screen torture session
going on in the room next door while
tulip was waiting for him clearly you
don't want to get on this guy's bad side
what are we gonna do with you
so a pretty cool introduction to Victor
next we're in hell and it's a
maximum-security prison in fact each
cell is a different person's personal
health or worst memory in the hallway
Eugene meets Hitler as well as some
others including what seems to be an 80s
high school bully with a popped collar
Eugene ends up getting locked out of a
cell and actually decides to join Hitler
in his own come in my head if you want
bold move Eugene bold move so Eugene and
Hitler immediately get transported to
1919 Munich where Hitler is having lunch
with a woman named Elsa this might be
Elsa bruckman who was a longtime admirer
of Hitler and also supported him
financially throughout his political
career now it's well known that Hitler
wanted to be an artist early on but for
this to be his absolute worst memory
speaks to the very very dark humor that
the production team is going for here
even Eugene is disappointed in Hitler's
worst memory he'll be of it come back to
us
I guess back in New Orleans Jesse and
Cassidy still haven't heard back from
tulip and Denis is still yelling at
Cassidy in French so what exactly was he
saying he says quote why are all these
people in my apartment you are so
egotistical you've been Iike tickle your
whole life huh why must I put up with
this clearly Denis has quite a
conflicted relationship with Cassidy we
have to keep in mind that Cassidy is 119
years old and most likely mistreated
Denis in the past he's just completely
fed up with Cassidy's [ __ ] I have a
feeling that Cassidy has done this to a
lot of people throughout his long life
side note here was anyone else annoyed
that tulip didn't respond to those text
messages I mean as simple just hey I'm
okay or hey I'm hanging out with Victor
or hey come find me
anyways so Cassidy and didn't you're
hanging out and watching TV and they see
a very familiar face it's the fake cut
from Jesse's church he's just an actor
in this infomercial and we also get
another hysterical cameo hi Frankie
Muniz huge talent more importantly Jessi
and Cassidy find out that the actor's
name is Mark Herrick and he's a local
actor in New Orleans so they finally
tracked down his agent and hilarity
ensues what is this project it's Game of
Thrones
I gotta be honest I love that game of
Thrones reference even the music they
used so much like God no one knows where
the hell mark is the last time his agent
saw him was before he landed the gig to
play God back in hell we get a little
more insight into how the underworld
works turns out even hell is underfunded
and overcrowded and the machines in the
cells sometimes break down
also what's worse than your own personal
hell well the whole and according to
superintendent Mannering eugenie needs
to start acting like he's in hell
meaning he can't be the nice Pleasant
loyal kid that he's always been also any
idea of who was on the other end of that
phone call who let him out well someone
better find him and we'll have to answer
you know I couldn't help but think that
they were talking about the saint of
killers as the one that got out of hell
so later on Jesse and Cassidy get their
hands on the audition tape and it turns
out it's more of a snuff film Marc ended
up killing the audition getting the part
and then getting killed himself he was
shot dead in order for him to go to
heaven and play God back in hell the
bully Tyler gets into a fight with
Hitler who's become a rather weak in
unintimidating figure everyone else
joins in except for Eugene but he knows
he needs to change in order to survive
down here so he to start speeding up
Hitler it's crazy that in this version
of hell Hitler was the absolute nicest
person down there that's extremely weird
to imagine for one of the world's
biggest monsters the storytellers are
actually trying to humanize Hitler and
want you to feel bad for him for a
second but we realized it's still Hitler
back in New Orleans Jesse finally goes
out to search for tulip once he gets to
Victor's mansion he uses the word on
pretty much everyone around him that is
until he gets to Pat's torture room
lucky for Pat he has his headphones in
and is listening to Billy Joel's uptown
girl
pat loves good music loves good torture
and is a fan of American Psycho this
final fight scene was pretty damn
awesome Jesse finally takes care of Pat
and finds a way to the bedroom where
tulip informed some of who Victor is and
why he couldn't marry Jesse in the
casino just a tiny detail that Jesse
should have known maybe do you think you
think he could have told him earlier the
episode ends on a great final shot of
the saint of killers walking into New
Orleans the dude is even more persistent
than Forrest Gump and cross country on
foot he'll be at the victor mansion in
no time or maybe it'll take a couple
days by how fast he's going either way I
can't wait to see it all right guys
let's end with a couple questions I have
that you might be able to answer as
always you can hit me up on Twitter at
Ryan Eric P or just comment right below
number one who are the other people in
hell we obviously know Hitler Eugene and
Tyler but what exactly did Tyler do to
get down there besides being a big high
school bully and popping his collar who
are the others down there and what's
their story from what I could see it
looks like there's a caveman and a gypsy
number two can Jesse use the word on
people that speak a different language
like will Danny even understand his
commands we all know that iPods are his
worst enemy but how about foreign
speakers and while we're on the topic
aren't you surprised that Jesse doesn't
understand any French given where he
grew up in the comics number three how
many jazz clubs are in New Orleans
exactly Jesse mentions that he has 137
more left to check out dude hit up a ton
of clubs in his first night that's a ton
of rat water finally number four I love
the shot of the Santa killers at the end
we knew he was coming after getting
Intel from fear and of course Jesse's
liberal use of the word but can't this
guy just jump in a car or what about a
horse he has to walk around everywhere
seems like hell to me alright guys so
hopefully you can help me out with those
questions and let me know if you have
any questions in the comments below or
on Twitter be sure to come back next
week for episode 5 and guess what we're
also going to Comic Con so look out for
that
stuff see you next week